I have some things on my heart tonight, and I'm thankful for all your prayers for me.
So, if I start coughing, I've got my special mug here that Paisley gave me.
Amazing dad. Always makes you feel good when you see something your kids give you.
I'm very thankful to be here tonight. I'm very thankful that everybody would come out and pray with me.
I have two different words that I can go over that the Lord has given me in my prayer time.
And one is directly about what happened this last week concerning the live streams, involving the officers and the things that went on.
And I took that time that night and I said, "Father, what do you want me to do concerning the prayer time and me giving the messages to the people?"He said to me, "Brandon, I've called you to say the hard things and to be a watchman to the nations and to tell my people that I'm coming.
The word that you delivered to the people concerning the mass shootings and praying over the college campuses around the United States and worldwide, because the enemy would have a plan to try to cause mass chaos and confusion upon the nation, is an easy word.
I've called you to say much harder things in the days ahead than what you've delivered already."He said, "It will require you to have great boldness, and great accuracy will be proven out over time, but I need you not to shrink back, but to become bolder yet, bolder yet.
And he that has ears to hear will hear what I'm saying."He said, "You must speak and say exactly what I tell you to say when I tell you to say it.
If they try to shut your mouth, if they try to silence you in any way,"He said, "It's only going to hurt them, not you.
For you are praying and bringing down the demonic so that they're not able to do what their assignment is to do.
You're a frontline defender in the spirit realm concerning what the enemy has planned for America, for the nations."And as we bring our prayer and agreement around the world, He said, as we assemble as a body, we bring down great things.
We are able to uncover things. We're able to disarm things by prayer.
Law enforcement, Homeland Security, the FBI, the CIA, whoever, they're only able to go so far because they operate in the natural.
And when you're limited to the natural, you're limited a lot. The natural man perceiveth not the things of God.
But the Father, even in Bible times, told the prophets what the other kings and the enemy was planning and strategizing against the men of God.
And the prophet came and spoke to the king and said, "This is what they're planning.
This is what they're going to do. And if you do this, you'll overcome their plan."They were watchmen.
And just like God did in the old days, even in the Old Testament, God's still going to be doing today.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And Jesus will do the same thing He did then.
Now, if you ask Him, He will speak to the modern guys with the polo shirt on, or whatever.
Not the staff and the cape, or the cloak, or the robe, to warn of what the enemy is planning and plotting.
And from what I have heard from great sources now, I've made some really good friends, new people, amazing people in the government.
Through all of this last week, God has put some really nice people in my path and given me their phone numbers, so that when I see things and I don't feel that it's safe to put it on a public forum, they've allowed me to be able to contact them.
And some of them are baptized in the Spirit, born-again Christians.
Amazing opportunity that only could have been given to me by the Holy Spirit.
And I'm so thankful that they are able to have ears to hear, not just what they know by their jobs and by their sources, but by the Spirit of God that dwells on the inside of them, giving them peace.
So when we pray and we uncover things, some things that we may say may trigger what they already know in the natural to be so.
So it brings not only demonic attention, but natural attention, because they only know what they know.
And when you say what they know, they want to know how you know it.
Does that make sense? So, you're just doing your job as a watchman.
I take it as a great responsibility and a great honor that God would call me.
And He told me, "I've called you to say much harder things in the days ahead, for it will get even darker yet to come."As we see the day approach, as we see the glorious church that's about to unfold like you've never seen it before, we will see the darkness fight like we've never seen them fight before.
Because all their job is to do is to kill, steal, and destroy.
But our job is to stop what they plan before they're able to even carry it out. Why? Because we see before they even know.
Like they're thinking it, and we know what they're going to do before they do it.
Because that's who we're called to be. We don't pray the news.
We pray before the news hits the news. CNN, Fox, they come to us to find their news.
You know why? Because we're not getting it by the natural, we're getting it by the spiritual.
And we know that everything is birthed out of the Spirit before it happens in the natural.
And everything the devil tries to plot and plan with his evil, wicked ones, the evildoers, they birth it out of the spirit just like the Christians.
But they do it through satanic practice, and we do it through the Holy Ghost.
But guess what, ladies and gentlemen, we have the final authority.
We have the power and authority because He dwells on the inside of us.
Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. But as He is, so are we in this world.
And Jesus gave us power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
So, we're not going to be worried about what they're doing. So, I know I have a lot of spiritual hall monitors on here.
I won't use the word spiritual. I have a dear sister on here and her name is Karen.
And I never want to offend a Karen. So, I'm going to call them hall monitors.
I'm going to call them checklist people. And I know every single one of you means well.
You just got to grow in who you are, knowing that we're here to prevent things from happening.
I don't have inside sources from somebody in whatever. I'm not a government agent.
I'm Brandon Biggs. I sit back here and I pray in my chair, and God comes and visits me.
Not God, the Holy Spirit and the Lord, but I consider them one.
But I'm saying God has called me, Brandon, and my family for such a time as this to uncover the darkness that the Lord has told us they're trying to do.
And I believe because of that, it might freak some people out with the clipboards, and they might be thinking they're going to have to go around in the hallways and do all they got to do.
And I'm not poking fun at you. I truly am not. I understand it.
But there was a lot stirred up. And I'm going to tell you this, I ain't worried about it.
I'm doing exactly what God's called me to do, and I'm going to do it with even more boldness.
And I'll create other platforms in the days ahead in case this one is silenced.
I feel in my heart the Lord told me my season on YouTube would be for a season.
I don't know how long that would be, but as long as I'm able to speak freely and tell you that Jesus Christ is coming, through the First Amendment, the freedom of speech and everything, and I'm not causing any craziness or confusion or terror, there's no legal reason for you to take me down.
All my job is to tell you is that we're here to pray. Pray, pray.
And we pray for everyone's protection on the far left and the far right and everybody in between.
I'm not political. I am a Jesus person. I love the Lord. And you know what?
I think there's a lot to all this stuff, even today at the funeral.
I want to ask you all, did you watch the funeral today? Did you watch the celebration of his life? That was beautiful.
But I watched as two leaders that I saw, that I pray for, that could have the opportunity to be the next president of the United States of America, was Don Jr.
and Vice President JD Vance. So, I want you to tell me who you thought had the better speech today in this chat.
Did you feel that JD Vance's speech was more presidential, caring for Kirk, or did you like Don Jr.'s?
Is there a poll there? Yeah. Who was it? Who would you vote for?
Who would you vote for if you had to vote right now for the president of 2028 in the next election, by the way they acted today?
Who would you vote for? I thought that was interesting. I know who I would go with.
I really, really liked what Don Jr. said today. It blessed me.
It really blessed me, out of everyone's speech, even out of his wife's.
I thought that his speech was the strongest of what he said and how he used scripture behind it.
I didn't know if anybody else thought that, but we'll go on from there. So, let's look at what's going on at the Vatican.
There was a massive celebration trying to cause revival at the Vatican a couple of days ago, and I didn't even know what happened until it was brought to me, and this is what they did.
Can you show a little bit of that without getting me in trouble on here playing somebody else's stuff?
It has music, because, Andrea, do you want me to mute it or can you mute it probably, because they'll hit me with copyrights.
But this event was a major event at the Vatican, and you can kind of fast-forward it here and there, but I wanted to show they're having a celebration of a birthday party, but they had drones.
They flew the drones. They had all kinds of like a picture show with all kinds of stuff going on there. This just happened a couple of days ago.
I didn't know it, but those are drones in the picture there, and they're singing pretty amazing songs.
I mean, can you play it five seconds and not get in trouble? Just... Okay, you can mute it.
I don't want to get in trouble, but look at the drones in the background.
I don't know how many of you watched that event, but there were things said at it in the middle with an African-American man.
I don't know who that man was that talked about grace and stuff.
I totally disagree with everything the man said, but I think it's interesting that, just like I told you they were going to do, they're going to try to revive the Catholic Church with the new generation by bringing in new converts, trying to evangelize in the Catholic Church.
And the Lord showed me this, and I told you it was coming. And here they're doing it, just like the Lord said they would.
They had all kinds of a light show. They did all kinds of stuff.
And that's the young man that I'm talking about—do not listen to what he said.
I could not believe what he said, because we don't agree with that.
But what I'm trying to tell you all is that's what the Lord told me: a great shaking was coming to the Catholic Church.
And just like I gave the word about the Asian man that would rise up, they even talk about it in the article that the Catholic Church is trying to reach out to China and bring forth the Chinese government and the Asian people to be brought in by the Catholic Church to bring a new type of extension.
Everything we pray about, folks, is in the news, usually a couple of months later, sometimes in the fall.
Remember what I said comes next. I saw a root come down into the Vatican.
And when it did, I saw a spirit try to come on the next pope that was a wrong way of thinking. Things are starting to change again.
But as we prayed two videos ago, the Lord showed me the Vatican having massive cracks in it, and Italy having a major earthquake.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to shake the Catholic Church. And when I shake the Catholic Church, there will be a great revival.
And there will be corrections that need to be made in the doctrine.
But in this, I'm bringing a great harvest of souls to my kingdom.'I just think it was interesting that we see this right after that.
I mean, I gave the word, and just days after, this happens. Not that this was a major event, but for the Catholic Church, this is a pretty big event.
There were over 300,000 people, from what I understood, who showed up for this.
So that's a lot—300,000, a lot. But was there another clip? Are they watching that?
So are you ready to go to the next thing? I turned it off a while ago.
Okay. So what else was there? This. Now, I was sitting on my couch, and I don't have my prayer tent.
Will you get my prayer tent? My son's getting something for me. I always pray with my prayer tent, my prayers, y'all.
I cover it over my head, and my wife said this is a sought-after thing in our house. The anointing is so strong on this.
I pray with my prayer shawl and I cover myself in this when I pray, and the glory comes on my blanket. It comes on my blanket. Oh, I can feel it.
And I'm telling you all, I just picked this as my prayer tent, and I picked this and I've been praying with this for years.
But when this came on me last night, yes, the glory filled my house. Oh, it was so glorious.
My wife and I got the exact same word from the Lord at the exact same time.
He spoke the exact same word without us talking to each other.
She was hearing it and I was hearing it, and we heard the exact same thing.
And when I stopped, I said, 'The spirit of the Lord just said this.'She quoted me.
We quote each other. It was like that. It was off the chart because it's never happened like that before.
And I want you to see this clip. I believe you can play the music on this one.
Do you see these people? Can they hear it? Oh, church of the living God, don't you want to see something real?
If you can believe the Sodom sign of Luke as he promises, you believe the Sodom sign, then why can't you accept the Malachi voice that follows a sign to return to the world?
The Bible says, 'So when you see it, then listen to the voice of the Son.
Flee the wrath to come.'The Lord spoke to me—you can pause it—the music as I was praying.
I was listening to that. I was listening to 'Only Believe, Only Believe.
Only believe, all things are possible, only believe.'And I was singing that to the Father as I was in my prayer time.
And I was listening to this, and all of a sudden, the glory came in, and the Lord spoke to me, and he says, 'As of today'—and I didn't realize it—he said, 'As of today, this begins the beginning of the week of the greatest change that this world has ever known.
This is the beginning. This week there is a line that's been—it's happened.
What you've been waiting for will start to happen.'And he said, 'Brandon, the great tent revival is coming back.
The great revival of yesteryear is going to come back in a way that you've never seen it before.
And as of today, this marks the day in the spirit realm that a major thing will happen today.'And it did—Charlie's funeral, with people's eyes and things starting to happen, with people awakening and awakening unto God.
And he said, 'I'm bringing forth holiness and purity back into my church again.'With a great shaking that's about to take place in America, a major event is about to take place in America.
And the Lord said it will shake the nation even greater than this. What happened? He said it will shake America.
But when this major shaking to awaken takes place, the Lord said many people will come back to church. Many people are going to come back to Jesus.
And that's when He told me, He said, "The days of great tent revivals, the major gatherings are coming back."And I saw people being healed by the power of God.
I saw great deliverances. I saw things in the spirit realm last night.
And I was sitting there, and as I was listening to the next song, "Nearer, My God, to Thee,"as I was hearing it, that's when the Lord spoke to both of us.
And I started to hear this man play the violin. And he started playing, and that's whenever the Lord visited, and I could see in the spirit realm.
It was the most beautiful moment with the Father, of where we are in time, of where we truly are in time.
You don't have to play anymore. This dispensation of grace is about to come to an end, ladies and gentlemen.
Everything that we've ever known, everything that we've ever experienced is about to change.
I told you, in a matter of just moments, everything is going to change within a 24-hour period.
It's going to change where we are going to see the birthing pains become to the point where it's like you can't give an epidural anymore.
I've said this: you can't give an epidural anymore. It's the point of no return.
It's time to push. And that's where the Lord told me. He said, "Brandon, this week marks something huge in the spirit realm.
As we enter into the 23rd Rosh Hashanah, as we enter into this time frame of the Jewish New Year, as we enter into this time frame of the Feast of Trumpets, and we see this new season coming upon us."I truly don't understand it all in the natural mind, of why things represent so strongly in the spirit realm the way they do.
But the Lord said this is a very important week. This is a very important week.
The weight of the glory was so strong on my wife and me, and our family. I don't want to use the word remorse, that He has remorse.
But you know how you would see your teenage daughter, as a father, maybe get married for the first time, and you're letting go of that era of time.
You see a young lady that is no longer a young lady, that has become the woman that she is, and you're allowing her to be married to her groom.
As a father, I haven't experienced it yet, but I anticipate it, that she's no longer that to me as a father.
That's still my daughter, but now she's that man's wife. It's a letting go of a season.
It's a letting go of something. It's a letting go of your son moving out and going and having his own family.
It's a letting go of that which was underneath your household, in your covering, what most parents would say is empty nester syndrome.
But what I was feeling with the Father last night, He allowed me to feel what He has covered as a Father.
The way He viewed it, was there something so significantly spiritual?
There's something about what's about to happen as we are going into a time frame that we've never seen before.
And yes, we have been in different time frames, but there is something so significant about the time frame that we're entering into: Adam's lease ending soon, the beginning of the Tribulation.
Throughout humanity, it's always been by your decision whether you go to heaven or hell.
You choose God or you don't. Right? Everyone has a choice. But for the first time in all of humanity, God's saying, "Today's the day.
There's a change coming."It's like crossing over into another area. That's the only way I can tell you.
The dispensation of grace will soon be coming to an end, and we're about to step over into the Tribulation.
But we know as believing believers that we're not appointed unto wrath.
We're going to go in the rapture. But it's still a decision in the spirit realm.
Does that make sense, what I'm telling you? There's still a line that has been drawn.
But for the first time ever in humanity, in the history of mankind, this line has been drawn.
This is such a significant moment that we're about to step into.
Now, I know there's a lot of people that believe that the rapture of the church is taking place on Tuesday.
I personally do not. I believe we are going to start to see as of Tuesday a great revival break out upon the nations.
I believe that as of Tuesday, we're going to see more shakings and the birthing pains speed up to a level that's going to shock us all. We are seeing the precursor of them.
But what I feel in my spirit, not just Brandon talking—this is hours of prayer time—is that we are entering into a time frame as of this week, going from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, an acceleration as labor pains upon a woman, the point of no return.
We're going to start to see what we've all been waiting for: the greatest harvest of souls, the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of God this world has ever seen.
The Lord said, "I want you to go back and look at all the Billy Graham crusades you can and believe big.
Get something to inspire you. Stay inspired, because you can't think big looking at small things with small-minded thinking.
You've got to think bigger for what I'm about to do in this earth.
You've got to think bigger."And I was looking at the crowds that would go and get saved.
And He said, "That's small compared to what I'm about to do."As I was watching the Billy Graham revivals and the people coming down by the tens of thousands, the Lord said, "What I'm about to do is going to make this look like a little thing."Seeing them stand by the tens of thousands to come to Jesus.
I have great anticipation as I pray with you all tonight, as I watch these great crusades with great auditoriums full of people.
And the Lord said to me, "Tent revivals are coming back. Brush arbor churches are coming back.
Holy Ghost Woodstocks are going to come back."And He talked to me about great security to bring stability in these meetings, having great law enforcement helping it.
Because you're always going to have mass craziness where there is a great mass of people trying to do something good, as we saw what happened to our friend Charlie.
There's always going to be some kind of evil trying to put out the flame.
So, there'll be great key people, like I've talked to this week, that will have a great role in bringing stability and security to these meetings.
I have an anticipation, and I hope you do, too. I hope it comes across by me talking to you tonight.
What I'm anticipating, a great harvest of souls is coming, ladies and gentlemen, beyond what you've ever seen before.
We saw something today with Charlie's funeral, where I thought there were probably 100,000 people plus there.
That was a massive event, but it shows the level of where people are, that we're ready for change.
We're ready for something. It's the birthing pains. Something is about to happen. So, what is our job in this?
Our job is to pray, because I believe true revival does not take place without great prayer.
Every revival has always been birthed out of a lot of prayer.
From Azusa Street to Pensacola, for all these times, the Welsh revivals, and so on with John Wesley, all the greats—they were all birthed out of great prayer.
And I believe that's what we're called to do. That's why He assembled us together for such a time as this.
I don't believe it's by coincidence at all. I'm just telling you all, something major is about to take place.
I've said it time and time again, but don't you feel that stirring?
As I said last night, He told me, "This week marks something huge."And as I heard Nearer, My God, to Thee playing by those trumpets and those horns and the violins, I sat there in awe that He chose us.
I sat there in awe that He chose you and I. We're the closers; He saved the best for last.
He called each and every single one of us to be a great mouthpiece for Him in these last days. There's no one greater, there's no one too small.
God will use every single one of us if we just have a yielded heart to Him and say, 'Here am I, Father. Send me.'I hope that encourages you.
That part—I don't call it a program, this prayer service—those clips inspire me because I want to think big financially to get the gospel out big. You don't think small.
If you think too small, it's just about 'my little church, my little friends, all this just to do what we've got to do.'No, you've got to think bigger.
Stretch yourself. Stretch the way you believe. Stretch your capacity. Enlarge your tent today to think bigger today.
When you see a sea of people, it's all hands on deck, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are truly few.
So, let's take communion together. I always take communion before I pray.
And it's like I told my new friend, this is something you should be doing with your family every single day of your life, for what I have seen coming.
If you don't understand who you are in Christ—the Lord told me, He said, 'I want you—this is one of the main things I want you to teach My people, and make it a habit for them that they come before Me with communion on a day-to-day basis.'And I have done my best to show you the importance of taking communion.
I don't look at it as a religious act; I look at this as relationship. I look at this as intimacy with my Friend.
I don't look at it as doing something because it's required of me by a certain church, but I look at this as fellowship.
This is me saying, 'Jesus, I just want to be closer to You.'This is what makes a marriage great.
When you take communion with your wife and your kids, and you take your anointing oil like I do—this one's half gone, but I got this one from Billy Burke.
This was special to me; He blessed me with this. He prayed over it and everything, and he blessed me, this Billy Burke.
I'll even try to break it off and use what's in the rest of it when it's gone, but it's frankincense. It's really beautiful.
But I anoint my head with oil with it all the time, and I anoint my kids with oil with this, and I touch their heads, and I pray over my children.
But you anoint your kids with oil. You anoint your family with oil, and you pray over them.
And the anointing oil represents a bloodline. And where the blood is applied, Satan cannot cross if you believe it.
It's not something religious that you do; it's what it represents in the spirit realm.
When Moses came before the children of Israel and said, 'I want you to sacrifice a lamb and put the blood upon your doorpost so that the death angel will not come into your house and destroy your firstborn.
But the blood will be applied to the doorpost to represent the blood of the lamb, so that death can't come in your home.'And as you do it today, it's saying the blood covers it and the death angel's not going to touch me either.
The demonic can't touch me either. I apply the blood over the doorposts of my home, and no satanic agenda can come near me or my wife or my children.
I put it on my pocketbook. I put it on my wallet. I say, 'No weapon formed against my finances will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against me will be condemned. I have goodness and mercy following me all the days of my life.
I am protected by the blood of the Lamb.'I anoint my throat with oil.
I anoint my body. And even if I'm not—I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what the word of God says. And if God be for me, who can be against me?
Regardless of what's being—even with a symptom like I have, you go, 'I don't care what the symptoms say.
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what the word of God says.
By His stripes, I am healed.'Even if my flesh doesn't totally agree with it right now, I'm not moved by what my flesh does.
I'm not moved by how my flesh feels. You're going to shut up, flesh, and I'm going to pray with these people tonight.
You've got to be bigger than your flesh screaming to you and saying, 'Well, you don't feel good.'No, I feel great! Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
Regardless of what your flesh tries to tell you, I'm not moved by what the flesh says; I'm moved by what the Spirit says and what this beautiful book says.
That's what I'm moved by, and that's where you have to be moved by, especially in the days of what I've seen coming.
I'm not moved by what I see on the news. I'm not moved by the terror at night.
I'm not moved by the plague. I'm not moved by all these things, because a plague is coming.
And the Lord said, 'You must take your prayer times more seriously, and pray for these people, and get them prepared for what's coming, that you stand as a watchman on the wall and warn them, that they learn to take communion and understand who they are.'Remember what I told you.
If you do not understand Psalm 91, if you do not understand and have a revelation of Psalm 23 in the days ahead, you are not going to make it. You must understand who you are.
You must understand the power of the covenant of what this represents—that it's not just a cup of juice and a wafer, a little cup and wafer.
This represents something; it's relationship. Jesus Christ paid the price for you to walk in healing and wholeness and wellness in your life.
Jesus Christ became sickness and disease; He became poor so that you might be rich through His poverty—not just monetarily, but spirit, soul, and body.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
And I even told somebody recently, 'If you're not prosperous in your soul, you're not going to be prosperous in your health all the time.'You've got to renew your mind, your will, and your emotions to the word of God, because if you do not, the devourer is at your door.
And I have to do exactly what I'm preaching to you tonight all the time, too. Brandon's not an exception.
Well, you know, no, seriously, the Lord told me, He said, 'You know what you sound like tonight?'And I was whining about everything that I went through last week.
He said, 'You sound like Elijah over there crying at the cave.'You know, 'Oh, everything's so bad.
Jezebel's after me.'But He said, 'You haven't gone to the point of saying that you just want Me to take you home like he did.'He said, 'But Brandon, what you say out of your mouth is important.
What you say out of your mouth is important, for life and death is in the power of your tongue, son.
All that mealy-mouthed and all that stuff you're saying right now, watch what you're saying.'He said, 'I want to open your eyes to something.'And as I was interceding and feeling sorry for myself for the week that I had, He said, 'Give your angels something to work with right now, and I want to show you.'And I saw them fighting in the spirit realm, and I saw they had Captain America shields.
These angels were fighting and they had Captain America shields—the round ones—and they had swords, and they were up there battling.
And He said, 'Give them something to work with in the spirit realm.'And I said, 'Well, how do I do that?'He said, 'Quote the scripture concerning what you're going through.
Quote the scripture. Use the sword of the Spirit. Quote the fiery word out of your mouth. Be a believing believer and not a doubter.
You're an overcomer by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of your testimony.'Do you understand?
You're not moved by what you see. You're not moved by what you feel.
You're moved by what the word says. Now stand up and be who I've called you to be.
You can either be mealy-mouthed, limp-wristed, and feel sorry for yourself, or you can be bold as a lion and say, "Thus far, Satan, and no further."It is written.
It is written, "Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world."It is written, "A thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but nothing shall come nigh me."That's where you have to stand.
And when the Lord showed me that, I felt when I started, I told Diana, I said, "Babe, go get that book that lady gave us, and quote those scriptures until we feel better."She goes, "How many times are we going to read them?"I said, "Until we feel better."The word will work if you work it.
I said, "It don't matter how many times, hun. Even until we get tired.
We quote these scriptures until they become real to us."It becomes a Rhema word on the inside of you that is not just "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star."It's not "how I wonder what you are,"because that's what a lot of it is when you just read something for the first time.
But when it becomes Rhema to you is when it becomes real to you and has gone down so deep inside of you that there's no devil in hell that can talk you out of what he said he would do for you.
There's no devil in hell that can try to convince you that you're not saved.
Is that right? Some of you would fight it with all your heart.
That devil tells you you're not saved. "Oh, I know I'm saved.
How dare you? I'm born again by the blood of Jesus Christ. I'm born again.
My name's written in the Lamb's Book of Life. Get out of here, devil.
I know I'm saved."But when he comes and tells you your son's not going to make it, your son's going to serve the devil, he has a plan—the devil has a plan for your son.
"Oh, the devil's going to take your son. He's going to do witchcraft. He's going to do all..."The devil's got a plan for your son.
You believe it because you don't realize that he said, "Train up a child in the way they should go, and when they get older, they'll not depart from it."Regardless of how Johnny or whoever is acting right now, my God said that my children will be my offspring.
The fruit of my offspring, the fruit of my children will be blessed.
They're going to be blessed. They're going to be blessed coming in.
They're going to be blessed coming out. My children will serve God.
My children will be on fire for God. My children will not go to hell. And that's where you have to stand.
Even when those kids are acting really bad, I'm training my child up in the way they should go.
My kids know about Jesus. The seed of righteousness is inside of them, even if they're not displaying it right now. Now, I anoint them with oil. I anoint where they sleep.
They may act rebellious in who they're hanging out with, and I might need to take a rod and spank their heinie a little bit because the Bible said if you spare the rod, you spoil the child.
And it's not abuse; it's love. But either way, we're going to walk in love up in here.
And love corrects. Love disciplines, not abuse. It didn't say beat them when you're angry. That's wrong.
It's like I heard Kim Clement say, "If you're always chastising your kids, you're an idiot."That's not smart.
God doesn't chastise all the time. Always talking about God bringing judgment on things—God's not always judging and being mad.
I'm going to be real with y'all. God's not angry. God's not up there always conspiring against you.
You think he's, you know, "What is he doing today, Jesus? I think I'll slap him in the head with something."I realize that God is a God of love.
God is not conspiring up there thinking how he's going to make your life miserable.
"Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers."Above all things, everything for you to have a good and expected end.
That's a good God. But most people think God's up there mad, and he's mad at America, boy, he's mad at Israel, he's mad at Thailand, he's mad at China, he's mad...
No, God's not mad. Now, what does the Bible say? Seedtime and harvest never cease.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap. Is that what the Bible says?
As long as the earth remains, seedtime and harvest will always exist.
As long as the earth remains, you can plant a seed in that ground.
You can plant a seed in that ground, and if you water it and the sun hits it, it's going to grow.
You can plant a seed in your wife, and you'll reap a baby. You can plant a seed in the church offering, and you're going to reap a harvest.
Seedtime and harvest always work. I believe it. So because we live in a fallen world and you sow bad seed, you reap the harvest of that.
So we are going to see, because seedtime and harvest is accelerated, the sowers and the reapers are going to go hand in hand like we've been told.
And because of this acceleration, you're about to see seedtime and harvest like you've never seen it before.
And when you see people sow to the flesh, they'll reap of the flesh, and when you sow to the spirit, they'll reap of the spirit.
So, we're about to see things that you never thought you would see because time is short.
And you're going to see things in the earth like you've never seen.
You're going to see because the earth is crying out, the cup of sin is full, and the seedtime and harvest of that's full, and you're about to see tribulation for the seeds that were sown, and we've never seen anything like it before.
The full manifestation of the seeds that were sown are going to be reaped all at one time. And God's wrath will be poured out upon this earth.
And you're going to see it, and it's going to be like, "Oh my goodness."That's what people—if you don't get born again, is what I'm going to say.
But what we're also going to see is, I told you, great revival, great harvest, healings, demonstrations, manifestations of the glory right before the catching away of the church. I just believe it with all my heart.
So, I hope you get excited about what we're about to see and have an anticipation for God to get even your neighbors saved, to get your daughters and your sons saved, to have revival in your homes, for husbands and wives to come together with great...
"You know what, devil? We're going to punch you in the head today as a unit.
We're going to be more in love. We're going to walk in love. We're going to have more friendship up in here.
We're going to pray together. We're going to read the Bible together.
And we're going to be more of a unit together than ever before.
And we're not going to allow the devil to come in and rob our marriage through strife, through bitterness, through whatever."The Lord told me, he said, "As the days approach, Brandon, you must make sure strife, if it ever exists, as a minimum, do not allow it in your home ever.
Always diffuse it at all cost. It's not worth it. Make sure love is a pillar in your home.
Do not allow strife in at all costs. It's not worth it."So hopefully this helps you tonight.
It's just stuff that we're dealing with, and that's what Diana and I talk about.
It's what prepares us to make sure that we're walking in, and we have our t's crossed and our i's doted, and you're ready, and you have your eyes peeled.
It's like talking to people, and they say, "I watch the crowd.
I watch this."Yes, I'm a people watcher, too. I hear them. I never let my guard down.
Yes, I know. But we've got to have times of infilling and refreshing, too.
We must have a time to drink from the Father and to make sure our cup is full of oil, our lamps are full, our lives are full and ready so that the enemy is not able to come and eat our lunch.
He looks for the weak ones that are separated from the fold. The wolf does. Remember, the wolf is looking for the weak and sick ones.
He doesn't go after the strong ones that have the full meat and are ready to fight.
He looks for the ones that look like they're malnourished and off to the side of the fold.
'Can I take him out? Can I take you out?'Does that make sense?
You don't go after the strong ones; you go after the weak ones. So I want you to remain strong.
I want you to remain strong and make this your best friend—the word of God in these last days.
I even told certain folks I talked to, 'You must read Psalms 91 and Psalms 23 more and more and more.'You must know this.
You must understand the power of communion. You must understand this: the meal that heals.
It's so important, ladies and gentlemen. It's so important.
I tell you this, and it's like I say all the time, if what you're doing is not working and you keep going down the same road all the time expecting different results, it's insanity. Try something new.
That's why Diana and I, when we come to Megan and we do the therapies for Megan, if we didn't see results within the first 100 days because our budgets were limited, you don't keep doing the same thing expecting different results.
After a point of time, you realize this isn't bearing any fruit. It's time to change directions.
So if you don't have different fruit in your life after a while, and you don't see first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation—even a little bit of change with even coming and praying with me—then do something different.
I do not want to be something that is a stumbling block for anybody.
If you don't see change from praying with me and the things that I'm telling you, and it's not causing you to grow from glory to glory, then find something that does.
Then find something that does, because we have to change from glory to glory. The word must change you from the inside out.
If it is not, you're becoming stagnant and the enemy will devour you, especially with what I've seen coming.
You must hear me. The Lord said, 'Remember, I was driving down...'I'll tell you where I was.
I was on I-35 and Covell Road in Edmond, Oklahoma. You can look it up—I-35 and Covell Road.
And there's a Starbucks there and a Braum's there. And there's a field over here with a Showtime Cinema Theater.
I exited off that road. I took a right and I was going down the road to go to the post office.
And the Lord spoke to me when I got off that road that day, and he said to me, 'Brandon, very sobering days are coming. Very sobering days are coming to the church.
Sobering days are coming to the world.'And he said, 'But what's the opposite of sober?'And I said, 'Lord, drunk is.'And he said, 'Yes.
Be being filled with the Holy Spirit to overflowing like a bubbling, bubbling, bubbling, bubbling.
Let it be bubbling up out of you like a river of water coming up out of you by drinking of my spirit every day.
Be being filled with the spirit every day. Brandon, don't get dry. Drink, Brandon. Be drunk in my spirit.
Be filled with my spirit, for sobering days are coming.'And he said, 'Do you remember the scene in Mary Poppins, "I Love to Laugh,"where Dick Van Dyke was floating on the ceiling?
They were laughing and they were just having a good time.'He said they were laughing. He said, 'Learn to laugh more. Learn to laugh more.
You're gonna have to learn how to laugh and have fun in life with the sobering times that are coming.
Don't allow the things I show you prophetically to get down on the inside of you to the point where it changes you.
You get filled with my spirit and pray out of the spirit, because when you see what I see, it has a tendency to get heavy.'Then some people say when I first start these streams, 'Brandon, you seem heavy.'Yeah, because I see the depth of the vision.
I see things that I can't even allow myself to speak about upon this platform.
There's things that you'll never know, never know, because I cannot allow that to be heard by the public because it would put people in danger.
But the Lord has allowed me to say certain things to a certain individual now, and I'm thankful for that.
But at the same time, the watchman gift is very heavy, some of these things.
But you know what he said to combat it with? Laughter. Laughter in him. Be being filled with the spirit for what's coming.
So I tell you all this so that you prepare yourself: be being filled with the spirit with laughter.
Be happy, because a merry heart doeth good like a medicine, and a broken spirit dries the bones.
A weary spirit dries the bones. A heavy spirit dries the bones.
You need to be being filled with the Holy Spirit to the overflowing with laughter and joy in your households.
How can you become happy and your wife follow you if you're always somber, like you've been eating dill pickles and you're sour, and you're going, 'Yeah, I'm heavy.
I'm weary. I'm carrying the load. I've got the spiritual load on me today. I've seen so much.'How—what good is that?
I started learning about the spirit of foreboding, walking around making sure it's not just me hearing things and, 'Oh, the devil said there's something, I hear there's something in the spirit realm that feels heavy all the time.'I feel that heaviness.
Brother, you can walk around like that and it'll choke the life right out of you to the point where it's like, 'What am I even here for?
There's such a heaviness in the atmosphere.'So you've got to check that and know the difference between a spirit of foreboding.
A spirit of foreboding will choke the life out of you. It will make sure you always feel heavy, versus a call to prayer—a call to prayer.
There's a big difference between a spirit of foreboding and a spirit of intercession.
You'll have to look it up. A spirit of foreboding is terrible.
And I used to walk around with that all the time—I'm talking the first ten years of my marriage. I'm always carrying this, Diana.
And she goes, 'Man, I ain't never seen nobody like that.'Intercessory prayer—and she used to say this when we were first married—'Intercessory prayer on this side of it sucks, just being real, because it's heavy, Brandon, and I don't like this.'And I said, 'Well, I'm just doing my job.
I'm sorry. I'm just doing my job. I'm just carrying the world, praying for the world. Just pray.
Oh God, oh God, foreboding.'And then I realized one day the Lord said, 'My burden is easy and my yoke is light, son.
I want you to have fun and enjoy life and have it more abundantly.'So I'm not trying to tell you all this—what I'm trying to tell you is I'm not trying to tell you to live underneath the umbrella when it's not storming; the sky is not falling.
I want you to be being filled with love and joy and enjoy your life as I bring these things to you.
I know it's heavy. I know it's heavy, and what we might see tonight could be heavy.
But I'm taking the time to teach you a little bit before I just jump in the river. You have to be filled with joy.
You have to be filled with hope, because God is a God of hope, and God is a God of peace, and God is a God of fun.
He even said, 'Hey, the fun has just begun.'And he even said that last night. He said, 'Remember I told you the fun has just begun.
As you're seeing all these things that are bad and I'm warning you of these things to pray about, the fun has just begun.'He's joyful.
He's happy. He's not, 'Oh, Jesus.'I don't think Jesus ever has a sad day. Jesus doesn't.
He's not up going, 'Well, you know, everything's going bad up here in heaven.'He's full of joy.
Every single time I have a visitation, he's full of peace. He's full of love.
His face—it's like one person asked me, 'What does it feel like?'I said, 'He's the lily of the valley.'He's the fairest of 10,000.
There's nothing that can describe the majesty of who he is with this English vocabulary and what he has for you.
He's altogether lovely. His fragrance is beyond human comprehension.
Glory to God. So, did that help out at all? Maybe I helped somebody.
Even if I helped one, I did something. Even if we helped one, I want you to live in victory.
I want you to live in joy in your homes. I see the heaviness, y'all.
I'm telling y'all, if anybody been up here telling you and be able to tell you the realness of this in the spirit realm is Brandon because I see the darkness and I never talk about it.
I see the witchcraft. I see all the darkness go on, but I don't talk about it.
I give you what I can enough to tell you. And the things I see outside of this are, oh God.
And sometimes I try really hard not to carry that on to here. I want to tell you God is a good God and he has a plan for your life and he loves you.
So, are you ready to take communion with me? Let's go tubing.
You want to go tubing? Let's go tubing. And we just come into his throne room boldly tonight.
We sit at his feet and we just talk to him. And I'm going to just let it fly.
And if you don't have your big boy pants on or big girl pants on, then click out of it because I'm not going to apologize for what I hear by the spirit of God.
And if you can't handle it, that's on you. And you want to be calling all law enforcements and you do what you feel you got to do.
But I'm going to tell you now, I have people to talk to. So I don't have to have you waving your clipboard.
You do what you got to do. But I'm going to tell you, I've got people in big government offices now I'm talking to.
And they know and they watch us and they're praying with us. So, don't you feel like you've got to be Sister Flossy out there, busy body, and do what you got to do.
It is what it is. So, Father, we just thank you for your body tonight. We're so grateful for all that you've done for us.
We're so thankful you took all sickness and disease upon your body that we don't have to have it in ours.
From snotty noses to coughs to fevers to cancers to diabetes to heart disease to tumors to blood disorders to AIDS to hepatitis to drug addictions to alcohol to gambling to pornography.
You took it all for us to walk in victory over it all. And Father, I just thank you tonight that we're healed by your stripes.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus. You were wounded for our transgressions. You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, Lord, and with your stripes we are healed.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in Jesus'name.
Now Lord, we take the blood and we make much of the blood because Satan is afraid of the blood.
I'm telling you, the blood of Jesus never loses its power. The blood of Jesus never loses its power.
And it calms all fears. It calms me. It brings me peace because Jesus paid the price for me.
It gives me great strength and victory. And we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
Thank you, Father. We thank you, Father, for the blood. We thank you, Father, for the sisters with the clipboards.
We thank you, Father, for all the sisters and the brothers that are just trying to help. We lift them up before you, Father.
And we ask you to have peace on their minds tonight as they hear what's about to take place. We pray peace over Sister Clipboard tonight.
We pray peace over the sister that wants to be all worried and the sky is not falling, sister.
The sky's not fallen, sister and brother. The sky is not falling.
Jesus has a plan for us. And we're not going to be all afraid of what we see coming. We're going to walk in boldness and victory over it.
And we're going to do exactly what God's called us to do and raise up a standard against him by the blood of the lamb.
You understand? We're not going to run. Sky is not falling, Chicken Little. Sky is not falling.
Jesus is on the throne, but nothing happens in this earth before he reveals it to the prophetic voices first.
Nothing. Everything is brought forth by the prophetic voices before it happens in this earth.
If some prophetic voice ain't telling you what's coming, he called me to tell you. So he called me to tell you to pray.
So you better hear it first before you hear it on the news so you have time to pray over it.
You understand? So we're so grateful for the blood. We're so grateful for the word.
And he said in the last days in Joel chapter 2 that your sons and your daughters will have visions and prophesy.
Old men will dream dreams and we're going to prophesy. We're going to see the spirit be poured out upon all flesh.
And God, I thank you that we're in that last of the last days. And you called us for such a time as this.
And it's going to pour in the former rain and the latter rain together.
And you said, "Can these bones live?"And yes, they can. And we take the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen. Do you all believe that? Thank you that you forgive us of our sins.
Thank you, Lord, that you cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Thank you, Lord, that my name is written in that lamb's book of life.
And I plead the blood of Jesus over the atmosphere of this home tonight, over my mind that I am not snared by any satanic or demonic force.
I only hear and see what the spirit of the Lord wants me to hear and see. I plead the blood over me tonight, Father.
I plead the blood around me tonight and I cover my mind in the blood and not my imagination, but it's only by what you want me to hear and say in the name of Jesus.
And everybody give all the glory to Jesus. We take the blood right now.
Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe.
Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible when you only believe.
Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe.
Lord, I believe, Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe.
Then now you say, Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. All things are possible.
Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive, Lord, I receive. All things are possible.
Lord, I receive. You're so good to us, Lord. You're so good to us, Lord.
Lord, I believe. I receive it. Lord, I believe. All things are possible.
Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe, Lord, I believe. All things are possible if you only believe. I believe tonight. I believe tonight.
I believe that he's chose us for such a time as this to do exactly what we're doing: to be a watchman on the wall, to warn us of that which is coming.
I believe, we believe Lord. I believe all things are possible to him who believes.
I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible.
Lord, I believe. Hallelujah. I feel his presence so strong.
Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe.
All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. only believe.
All things are possible if you only believe. Only believe. Only believe all things are possible.
Only believe. Fill our cup, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Lord, bread of heaven, feed us till we want no more. Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up and you make us whole. So many are thirsty. So many are so thirsty tonight, Father.
They just need a fresh drink. But one touch of the Father, one second with him will change you from the inside out forever.
That one moment, just touching the hem of his garment like the woman with the issue of blood—that one moment of touching his hem changed her forever and it made her whole.
Tonight, Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And the same God that healed the sick 2,000 years ago, the same God that touched the woman with the issue of blood—what's the issue of blood in your household?
What's the circumstance that is similar to the woman with the issue of blood in your household tonight?
You may not have an issue of blood, but you have an issue. And in that issue, if you can just touch his hem, you'll be made whole.
And he said to her, "Daughter, your faith has made you whole.
And if her faith can make her whole, your faith can make you whole."Because faith has not been done away with, because by grace you're saved through faith.
And if faith has been done away with, salvation has been done away with.
And there is no way to get saved because by grace you're saved through faith.
So if Jesus Christ will save you, he'll heal you. If Jesus Christ will save you and heal you, he'll deliver you.
Because deliverance hasn't been done away with either. Healing has never been done away with because her faith made her whole and your faith will make you whole.
I believe tonight if we just do it by faith, you reach up and grab a hold of that garment and any area of your life you're believing for, like me, Jesus Christ pays the price for all of it.
His word. My circumstances, even a snotty nose, a cough, a cold, does not validate me speaking to you in a healed, complete manner.
The word of God validates itself; my circumstance doesn't.
Even what I walk right now, even with my flesh overcoming something, my flesh having a complete manifestation doesn't validate the word of God.
The word of God validates itself. It's a pillar. It stands even in the face of my circumstances. I say, "Oh, your word validates everything. It's a pillar.
If my life's circumstance sways back and forth all the time made the word of God a pillar like that, it could be swayed too, but it is a foundation."Do you understand?
It doesn't need me to validate it. The Holy Spirit doesn't need me to validate he is real.
He is real. Me telling you about all the things I see doesn't validate anything.
It just gives you maybe a spark to give you a hunger for you to seek him yourself.
The word of God stands alone. When he says by his stripes you are healed, that's enough.
Well, I don't see in Brandon's life all the way in manifestation. So, how do I shake my faith?
Well, it said in his word that a thousand should fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand.
Well, I didn't see that totally with Charlie Kirk. He got murdered.
So, that kind of shakes my faith that God will never protect me.
If he didn't protect Charlie Kirk all the way, and it didn't happen that way, does that not validate the word of God?
Charlie Kirk's wife didn't validate the word of God. The word of God validates itself. Do you understand?
Regardless of what you see around you, ladies and gentlemen, people don't validate the word of God.
The word of God is a pillar. No matter, because bad things happen to good people sometimes because we live in a fallen world.
But the word always validates itself. It is a pillar that's never moved by what we see or what we feel or what we see around us.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower and the righteous run into it and they are safe.
That's what we stand on. Glory to God. Thank you, Father. Thank you for this word that is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path.
I will hide it in my heart that I might not sin against you. Thank you, Lord.
I told him all the time, "I cannot tell people that you're a healer with a daughter with special needs that has a diaper on."I said, "It would sound like a hypocrite.
You want me to go pray and tell people that you're a healer whenever my daughter is overcoming to the point of where she has right now?"I said, "Lord, I just can't do it.
I know you're a healer. I've seen you do it."And that's whenever he spoke to me and he said, "Brandon, I don't need Megan's complete manifestation of a healing to validate my word. My word validates itself. My word validates itself.
Regardless of your circumstances and what you feel that's going to make you look like foolish, pride, whatever, my word validates itself, Brandon."When he said that to me, I thought, "Okay, Megan doesn't validate the word.
The word stands alone. The word stands alone. It's true regardless of your circumstance.
It's true regardless of your circumstance. It's true regardless of people's circumstances, Charlie's circumstance, yours. It doesn't matter.
It validates itself."He said in Psalms 91, "A thousand shall fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand, but nothing shall come nigh you. No pestilence, no plague will come nigh me.
I'm not afraid of the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flieth by day, the pestilence that walks in darkness."You better understand that.
Not afraid of the pestilence, not afraid of the disease. Father, we thank you that we only believe that all things are possible.
Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible when you only believe.
Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe.
Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe all things are possible. Lord, I believe.
Glory to God. Jesus is coming soon. He's the savior of my soul.
My Jesus, my Jesus. He's the savior of my soul. He's the savior of my soul.
With hands uplifted everywhere. Jesus. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
He's the savior of my soul. He's the savior of my soul. Glory. Glory to God.
I feel his presence so strong with hands uplifted everywhere.
Jesus, feeling his might and glory. Jesus. Every knee will bow to the name of Jesus.
Jesus. Jesus, he's the savior of my soul. He's the savior of my soul.
Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Oh, he said, "You're ready now to run. Come in the river.
Come, come in the river."He said, "There's things I must show you.
There's things I must show you."I see a tidal wave. I see a tsunami wave.
I see a tsunami wave on the East Coast. I see a tsunami wave on the East Coast.
Madam, this is very, very big. I don't understand. Oh Lord. Say, "Lord, what is this that I'm seeing into right now?
What is that, Lord, that is coming at me so quickly?"Y'all pray.
Oh, I've never seen nothing like that before in my life. I see a wall of water coming towards the East Coast.
I see a wall of water, but there's layers to this water with different colors concerning the layers.
The bottom half of the layers are lighter, of like a milky white color that transitions into each color of like a color chart.
And as the color chart goes from white into gray, the white turns all the way...
the gray turns into black like you would have a color chart of whites that transition into grays and then it goes into complete blackout at the top of this massive wave.
The wave is a tsunami wave of a color chart and it's headed towards the East Coast.
I smell... Do you smell that? Is that just me or do you smell? I smell that in the spirit, or is that here, Braden?
It smells like sulfur, almost like metal burning, like brakes on. I smell brakes. No, it's not a devil.
There ain't a devil in hell that would come to this house right now.
The glory is here. A steel grinding. Steel grinding. Steel.
I heard the steel is grinding and a new industrial revolution.
A new industrial revolution. Do you remember the vision again with Benjamin Franklin?
Do you remember the train? Do you remember how things evolved, and the new industrial revolution is coming?
You're about to see something. Something major is about to happen.
A breakthrough of medical breakthroughs. Medical breakthroughs.
I hear like when you hear the hammers hitting in a steel mill and all that, you know, whenever they are making steel and they are working, and you hear all the clanking of the hammers.
I hear that in the spirit. This is a new industrial revolution.
A new golden age is upon us. A new golden age of a new industrial revolution.
But this is concerning AI. Technological advancements like you wouldn't believe are coming.
Oh my goodness, there's darkness there. I see the top of this mountain of this darkness concerning this.
There's levels of this AI that will unfold like that color chart that I just told you about.
And at the very peak of this mountain of this color chart of what I'm talking about, the tsunami is great darkness.
The key, the very root of this is that face of that AI I told you that it looked like a gremlin, a goblin.
It's a devil. The devil himself is behind the very root of AI. Do you remember what I told you?
I saw the demon's face and it was all in the mathematical code in AI. The root of AI is a demon. Excuse me. I see it as of this week.
As of this week, I'm telling you, all things are going to start coming at you at lightning speed.
Technological advancements will break free and really start to take forth in the days ahead, even starting from today.
Concerning medical breakthroughs through AI, you need to hear me.
Great acceleration, a new industrial revolution. I hear and I can smell the steel, you know, and you can smell that. It smells like burning when metal is hot.
That's the way it sounded—the wheels, like when you hear a train and it's getting those turning, or almost like when you see in the Titanic movie those engines in the boiler room, those—that's what it feels like, that the engines are turning.
That's what I'm telling you is happening right now concerning AI, and you're going to see it increase and you're going to see knowledge increase in a way that you've never seen it increase.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say knowledge in man's increase of his thinking is about to increase at a rapid pace that you've never seen before, and it will come through AI.
An industrial revolution is standing—a new era of time. You're standing at the door, but it's open now.
And I'm telling you, that's what the Lord said: don't camp there no more, now keep walking.
I said, that's what he said. I tell you what I hear when I'm praying.
But it's such a picture that is being painted to me as I'm praying.
I stopped and the vision was so deep and so vibrant of all the things that I was seeing, what I'm telling you all, it was coming at me so quick as I'm seeing all this and I'm smelling it.
I could see it so clear of all these things that are about to come: internet breakthroughs with even the way we do internet and cell phones.
Cell phones. I'm talking major breakthrough. I'm talking in technological advancements beyond your human wildest expectations with new types of chips.
Tech. New tech. When it comes to apps. Apps. I hear apps. Technological advancements with car and technologies in cars.
Musical technological advancements and how you are able to edit and create music soundboards, the way sound is produced.
I don't understand what I'm seeing, but I'm telling you, I'm seeing these new sounds in an advancing of how music is made and dubbed, and the automotive industries.
An advancement even in veterinarian care, even with horses, even with cattle. This will be on all levels and all fronts.
Technological advancements on how they understand the earth, how the earth is—things of how they know, like with the crust and earthquake warnings, advancing the earthquake warnings.
I see earthquake warnings, an advancement of predicting earthquakes in different places, an advancement of understanding the earth's crust through technological advancements.
Questions they've never had the answers to, to certain things, they will find the mathematical equation to this.
There's things that are being advanced not just in medical, scientific answers. I see it with wildlife, with birds.
I see it with wildlife, with birds, understanding more things about birds and fish and things that we've never understood.
I see man trusting this like God, like a God. But the Lord says, 'There will be no other gods before me.'Do you understand?
They'll trust it. People will trust it, almost like second nature, like you become okay.
Oh my goodness gracious, I see it in this vision right now. I see man, mind, man, AI.
Okay, like you'd split a man's brain and in this half of the man is man, but merging man with machine, AI with machine with man.
Merging man with AI, making them like this freak, trying to make artificial intelligence man's intelligence by—do you know how like this is how I would see the wall of Babel, whenever the wall, they all spoke with one mind, one accord and the Bible said there was nothing they couldn't achieve.
Bringing down the gap in language barriers to the point where AI makes the wall of Babel again in a way we've never seen in any generation like this, like fusing artificial intelligence with a man's intelligence.
Now the Lord said, 'Now be still and pray.'Churches allowing it in the churches.
This should not be. The Lord said they'll allow it in the megachurches. This should not be, integrating AI into churches.
Integrating AI into the churches, the mega-pastors using it as a crutch. I know that's gross. Yeah, I see big churches.
Creative sermons, creative sermons that you should only be getting by the spirit of God.
Pastors and ministers becoming lazy, using this as a tool to provide you an explanation, like a spiritual endowment.
'Well, I'll just ask, what is an idea for a sermon? What is an idea for spiritual enlightenment?'This is so dangerous.
I see this so dangerous. The devil's talking to this thing and that demon that's behind it is instructing you on how to lead your church.
You need to listen to me in the days ahead. In these days ahead, they will instruct you on how to lead your church.
And a key root of this is a demon. And you'll go to it for spiritual ideas.
These pastors will go to this for spiritual guidance, like, 'How do I do this to lead my people better?'Only the spirit of God tells you how to lead the people of the church.
If you aren't hearing the spirit of God, get out of the pulpit. Resign.
You say, 'Well, I don't hear the Lord.'Then you need to not lead the people.
Resign. Find somebody who does. But you don't use AI to lead your people.
Oh, God have mercy on you for what I just saw. That is—this is sickening.
You only lead the people by the presence of God, not by some demonic algorithm.
It will become trendy. It will become trending. The Lord said this will try to become trending.
He said, 'You don't even realize how much it's already happening.
It's already happening.'The Lord says, 'It's already happening in many, many churches.'AI sermons.
AI sermons. You say, 'What's wrong with this?'You're listening to a devil.
Oh, God. He comes as an angel of light, ladies and gentlemen. He comes as an angel of light.
A spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down, but you're taking a jagged pill. All right, he has to take us down a road now.
The Lord said it will even infiltrate your agriculture, the way you do plants, the way they will genetically splice and do things with GMOs to try to mess with your food.
Messing with nature too much, I see it making the seeds sterile. What is that? The seeds are not able to produce right.
They mess with it so much, and this lab stuff, they're messing with it so much. They mess with our food.
I've seen the fields so clear, so much so that the fields will be barren with nothing in them.
The crops will not yield; they will not yield themselves. They will not come up that year.
And certain things I see, there'll be days ahead when the farmers plant the seeds and they'll never get up.
They'll never spring forth fruit because the seeds are tainted. The seeds are tainted.
Maybe, you say, "How is this going to happen so fast?"It will happen within days.
This will happen so quickly. It's going to happen at a rapid pace.
The technological advancements there, they're figuring out how to release it to you.
It's by putting in a word, pushing a button, and pages of information comes to them. Do you understand?
It's at a push of a button, the Lord says, and information by pages will come to them.
There's a certain computer. It's not what you have access to.
The Lord said this isn't ChatGPT. This is something so much bigger with quantum computers.
Do you understand? This is a huge computer algorithm. This is something big.
This is a huge computer. This isn't just what we have on our phones and what we have access to.
This is dated. I hear the Spirit of the Lord say this is dated.
Technological advancement is beyond where they are, and this is new to us.
This thing is evolving so fast, it's like a snowball going down a hill.
The very information you received a month ago is dated. That's how fast the information is coming to these people.
They have to have minds to process it, men and women who are intelligent to process the information that is coming to them because it's coming to them so quickly.
And the natural man, they're trying to—this is overwhelming, and it's so good and it's so wonderful. Either this is coming or it's here.
But this is what I'm seeing: it's computers and they're just—it's almost like spreadsheets, and it's coming so quickly with every question they ask it, and they push the button and ask another question, push a button, and the information is unlimited.
But this is not what you have access to or what I have access to; it's what they have access to.
And it's at a different level—governmental stuff, big stuff.
The Spirit of the Lord says, "I hear it."Okay, I see alien demonic deception coming.
Alien demonic deception is coming at another, greater level.
You'll hear even more with Pentagon briefings and things about balls of light.
I've warned you this was coming, but a new level of deception will come concerning this.
I see like an ET creature with light around him. This is a demonic spirit. There's a level of deception coming.
All of this is happening at the exact same time as the glorious church is rising.
Do you understand? The enemy provides a distraction from the reaction.
I mean, yeah, I said that right—a distraction from this. Say the glory, the glorious church. And you've got a distraction to combat the glory.
So you've got this over here going, "Hey, don't pay attention to this over here."See, but you can't outmatch the church and what God's about to do in people's hearts because it's an impartation of the Spirit inside of people, changing them from the inside out.
Don't embrace it; harness it. I'll say it again: don't embrace it as a friend, harness it.
There'll be advancements and things that can help your businesses.
It will be on every level, folks. It's going to come at every level.
It's going to be an industrial revolution changing so much.
I'm telling you, even into this week, I'm seeing the Lord says, "Because of the 23rd, Brandon, remember the 23rd."I'm hearing Him.
He says, "Remember the 23rd. Remember what I told you last night."This is a time from Rosh Hashanah. Watch, it's not coincidence.
He said, "I remind you again about the artificial intelligence of creating babies—the genetically modified babies that they will try to create in artificial wombs."This is not me creating a child in a lab-grown baby womb.
It will become mainstream soon in a way that—like surrogate robots, these machine surrogates with labs.
The Lord painted it before me again. He said, "Remember this.
It's coming on a widespread level—surrogate robots, these like machines growing babies, genetically creating a Build-a-Baby.
You pick the hair, you pick the eyes, you pick the skin color shade, you pick how big, how smart, how tall, how muscular, genetically creating the perfect specimen of a child.
We can take this out and this out, and this will make your kid have more of this IQ.
Well, we don't like the color of eyes, so, you know, we like them to have this shade of blue."My goodness.
And what I'm seeing right now in the spirit, all this is very sick.
Trophy children—remember this. Trophy children. We're all fearfully and wonderfully made by the Father.
This is the same thing Hitler tried to do. This is the same spirit that was behind Hitler, the same thinking that Hitler thought.
It's sickening. This should be illegal. What I'm seeing right now—China, that vision was so clear.
Boy, I have a lot to tell you when I get done with this. Japan, too.
Yeah, like Build-a-Bear. And the celebrities will buy into this.
I'm seeing celebrities with big money buy into this. They build it.
This is really sad. Yep, same thing Hitler tried to do. What's wrong with people?
It's not trendy; it's not cool. I hear that right now. I hear them say, "This is the new trendy thing.
This is the new cool thing to do, to have your baby this way."What is wrong with these people?
"No stress on the mother. No stress on the mother's body. It wears on the mother's body.
It's not convenient."I hear this woman talking. I don't know who this is. "It's not convenient on the woman's body.
It's too much stress on the woman's organs and body to carry it for nine months.
This is so modern. This is the new thing."When is this going to happen?
Further days, it's not too far away. It's not too far away. Prototypes.
They're already—it's the prototypes. No, no, no. They're like zombies. Oh my God.
This is what's interesting, too: I see them actually almost replacing college professors at major schools, like AI, having a screen and a teacher that is designed to teach through AI better than a teacher can, replacing college professors.
Using AI as a teacher on a screen—a major, lifelike screen teaching your kids perfectly.
Does that make sense? Without human influence, yeah. Clear, that vision is so clear. That's right.
They're going to teach, like at Harvard, and these major schools will have law professors teaching you perfect law, perfect things through an AI, not a human.
Doctors—do you understand?—like major positions of how you do operation of medicine, this will teach them so much better than what...
Well, you know, you might forget something, but this will never forget anything.
AI is smart. It doesn't have a memory like a human where we forget things; AI doesn't.
And so it will teach this way, not by a textbook, but by a computer book.
My goodness, this evolves. This is amazing. Truly is. Praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord. I'll pray with you all just a little bit longer. Just a little bit longer. It's very heavy.
Everything I'm seeing tonight, the detail of everything the Lord is showing me to warn you all what's coming.
This will affect even the military and weapon development.
An arms race, a new arms race, but it's different than what you all realize; it's AI-like hacking, a new arms race through this country or this country, how to infiltrate the others through hacking and things like that.
War games. So afraid of new talks about landing on the moon. I see new things landing on the moon, a space race, a new space race.
There's—they'll track each and every single one of you even more with the information they already have on you through social media. There is no privacy, not at all.
If you're connected to the grid in any way with your cell phone or with a computer or whatever, the Lord said there is no privacy, and it will become even more evident in the days ahead.
Your pictures, your everything that you think is private—well, you know, 'this is for us, and our cloud, or this'—no, there's no privacy.
There's no private text, there's no private nothing. You think your very life is in some secretive area?
No, you're not a secret. If you're on a phone, your business is with everybody in that internet thing.
The AI knows, it's integrating, it's all becoming one big brain—everyone's business all over, all becoming one big brain.
Your medical records, everything. People say, 'I have the right to privacy.'Oh, no you don't, not if you're connected to this level of web. I see it's already done, it's already there.
It's been built and built and built, but it's becoming this one hub, and it looks like a light, and it has all these tentacles all tied into it, all feeding into this one thing, all getting ready for the Antichrist system.
Everything is so close. We are so close to things really kicking off.
War games are going to increase like you wouldn't believe, with Russia provoking NATO in the days ahead. I told you it's a chess game.
One does not want to be the accuser of World War III, but who can push the boundary a little bit further until someone pushes the button to the point where this thing really is about to kick off?
This is about to really kick off to a World War III. Well, they'll fly their planes over here, we'll put our drones over there, we'll do this, but who's going to push this thing over the edge?
Everybody's the bully in the schoolyard right now, and you're about to see the bully throw the first punch, and it's going to be off to the races.
No more war games, no more chatter; it's going to be fists flying on another level that you've never seen before.
But this is what the Lord said: these people are provoking this to the point, but their sons and daughters aren't in it. Their family isn't in it; they have no skin in it.
It's just war games, politicians being politicians all around the world, to the point where, because they know the economies are in trouble, it's going over the waterfall.
A new system's coming in place. Another virus is coming that's worse than COVID on steroids.
And most people are just doing status quo like robots, all going towards a new system and a new era of time of a beast system called the Tribulation, because Jesus Christ is coming and the enemy knows it.
He knows what's going on. He doesn't know the day or the hour, but he can look at the signs just like every one of us can.
He's not omnipresent; he's not everywhere. He's one devil in one area at one time.
Maybe he can choose like that. Now, the Holy Spirit's everywhere, and He's in every single one of us.
Isn't that wonderful? Oh, He's so wonderful. The Holy Spirit is so wonderful.
You all truly don't realize how close Jesus is to coming. Not on the 23rd, but He's coming.
There's a major revival about to happen, a major awakening, major shakings, and all these things that I'm talking about.
It's going to happen in the background of everything that we're going to be seeing over here in the church.
So, I'm warning you what's going to be coming. That's another piece of the puzzle, another tier. You see crypto, AI, all this stuff, wars and rumors of wars.
He said there'll be a shaking in the finances, there'll be a shaking in politics, there'll be a shaking in the earth, there'll be a shaking in the heavens, and there's going to be five major shakings.
If I got—maybe I may have messed up on that, but I think I got it.
But I'm just trying to tell you all, we're seeing one of the branches of the major shaking of what He's telling us tonight.
And it's interesting, it really is. All this is—really, this part to me is interesting because it's not scary, it's not like a warning. It's just telling you advancements are coming.
This is a major thing, and it's very interesting to me, but it's not like, 'well, there's wars, rumors, plagues, all this stuff.'This isn't the part where you're going to go, 'the sky is falling,'what most people freak out about.
And then I go, this part of it is, 'hey, you're going to watch and see all this on the news.'It's nothing to stop; it's going to happen.
But you don't have to be a pastor that is looking to it for how to lead your people in the church.
Don't. The Lord was not happy about that; His voice was very stern.
Of course, do not do this. AI churches—the Spirit of God is no more.
You know, you don't look at the Holy Spirit as a leader; you're looking at a computer system.
And He said it's already happened in the churches. That word was scary.
That was scary for the churches. It's like, folks, have discernment in who's teaching you.
Have discernment in who's feeding you. If you don't have discernment, ask God for discernment and get in your Word.
And the more you seek Him, you'll find Him. The more you knock, the door will be opened unto you. He will fill you to your overflow capacity. Glory to God!
Well, I think I've been on this thing for over an hour, two hours, I don't know—two hours and thirty.
Long time. But I'm getting tired now, and so when I get tired, I quit. So, when you're singing over, it takes a lot.
So, I want to let you know we love you, and I'm so thankful for everything the Lord showed us tonight.
It gives us more to pray about, and we know that it's coming soon.
We know that there are great advancements. But did you all get something out of that tonight? Did you get blessed by what the Lord is showing us?
I never want to end a broadcast without giving you an opportunity to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
If you're here tonight and you're watching this and you say, 'Brandon, all that's really interesting, but I don't even know Jesus. I've never met Him, I've never had a relationship with Him.
I'm interested in what you're doing, I don't understand all this, but I would like to invite Jesus Christ to be my Lord and personal Savior. I want to get born again tonight.
I want to sell out to Jesus.'Or you might be on this road—you might be here and you're watching this video, and you used to know Jesus, you used to have a relationship with Him, you were sold out to Him at one point in time, but you've turned your back on Him.
You went back to what you used to be doing before you got born again.
You went back to the vomit, you went back to all that. But today, you're saying, 'Brandon, I want a new clean start.
I want to sell out to Jesus again. I need to make a real change in my life.'I've been depressed.
I've been having all these anxiety attacks. I've got all this stuff going on with me, and I am tired of living this way.
But I came tonight just looking for some hope. I came tonight just to try to just shake off some of this stuff.
But I believe you came tonight not by accident, but by divine appointment.
And no man comes to the Father except he's been drawn by Him. That's what the Lord says.
The Bible says that. And tonight, you feel that drawing on the inside of you.
You feel that stirring on the inside of you. And you're going, "Man, I just want to get right with the Father.
I want a new start tonight."And I believe today is your day. I believe you're not going to run anymore, but you surrender.
You come to that point of, "I just surrender."And if I'm talking to you right now, if that's you and you feel that tonight you want a fresh, clean start, tonight you want to give your heart to Jesus Christ, I want you to put in that comment section—I want you to type in there—"I want to be saved.
I'm coming home tonight. I want to sell out to Jesus tonight."Right now, I want you to put in that chat, "I want to be saved.
I want to be born again. I want to be a brand new creature created in Christ Jesus. Tonight's my night.
I give my heart to Jesus."If you've never accepted Him as Lord and personal Savior and you're into all this, you're like, "Man, this is Christianity fun.
Praying like this is fun. I want to become more radical for Jesus.
I'm coming home."You're like that prodigal son that spent all his father's inheritance that he had, and he's laying in the pig pit and he's saying, "Why am I laying here?
I want to go back to my father's house and just be a servant."But what he didn't realize was his father was able to forgive, was ready with this big robe, ready to kill the fatted calf.
"Let's have a celebration. My son is home. My daughter's home. Let's have a celebration. Our kids are home.
They came home."Your Father, our heavenly Father, is that Father that's ready to celebrate your return.
You say, "Brandon, I turned my back on the Lord, I messed up. I fell into some bad stuff."Well, the moment you confess it tonight, it's gone.
So, we're going to say a simple prayer. If you commented in that comment section, you want to give your heart to Jesus tonight.
You want to come home tonight, I'm going to say a simple prayer with you before we close.
And I'm going to pray for you for your fresh, clean start. So, I want you to repeat this prayer after me as we pray this. And you mean it from your heart with everything you've got.
The Bible says, "With the heart, confession is made unto salvation."And I want you to say it with everything you've got right now as I say this prayer.
You say it, and I'm going to believe with you. Say, "Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died for me, and You rose again on the third day.
I'm a sinner. I repent of my sins. Forgive me, Lord, of my sins.
Cleanse me with Your precious blood. Wash me, Lord. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
From this day forward, I turn my back on the devil. I turn my back on what I was doing.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve You with all my heart.
Thank you, Lord, that from this day forward, I'm sold out to You.
Thank you, Lord, that You've accepted me and You've made me new.
I believe I'm saved. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And amen."That's it.
A simple prayer, but I receive Jesus as my Lord and personal Savior.
Well, if you just said that, you ask me, "Brandon, what do I do now?"Well, you find a Bible-believing church.
You find a Bible-believing church. I say a non-denominational church.
That's where Diana and I, my wife and I, would go. We would find a Bible-believing church.
Go there, get plugged in, go Sundays and Wednesdays, get excited about your new decision, your rededication, whatever you've done today, and go and get plugged into that Bible-believing church—non-denominational is where I would go.
And then read your Bible every day and pray. Find that pastor there and tell them, "I need to be water-baptized.
I'd like to be water-baptized."Find out when they're going to do a baptismal service.
Get water-baptized there. Get plugged in there. Get excited about what you read in your Bible every day and pray.
Come here and pray with us. And that's the beginning of what you need to do. You tell me, "Brandon, I don't have a Bible.
Where do I get a Bible?"Well, in celebration of your salvation today, my wife and I want to send you your very first Bible for free.
If you just email us in the description down below and say, "I just got saved on your YouTube channel,"and in the heading put in there, "I'd like to have a free Bible.
I got born again on your channel."We just said the sinner's prayer.
"I just got born again, and I would like my free Bible."Diana and I will send you a Bible absolutely for free, just to celebrate your decision today.
We want to do it because we do it for every new believer, just saying, "Hey, we're excited you came.
We're excited you got born again tonight, and we just want to love on you."So, if that's you, put that down in the email you see down there.
And tell everybody, "I got born again."We just want to rejoice with you and celebrate your decision today.
We're excited you came. We're excited you come, and please come back and visit us.
So, well, praise the Lord. Braden, did we have any salvations?
"Yeah. All right. 100. 100."That's great. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord.
We're excited for every single one of you that are here tonight.
And so, I always want to close the broadcast also by asking you to help me.
Could you subscribe? If you're here and you've never subscribed, it's free. YouTube has the subscription.
You just subscribe to the channel, click the like button, click the notification button, comment something nice down below.
Do everything you can to help us spread our videos throughout YouTube and the gospel throughout the whole world.
We really would appreciate it. It really helps us every single time you do that, telling your friends and family about us.
It's spreading the gospel. We're excited. I mean, we're really growing.
And I believe we're up to 571,000 people, from what I last believe where we are with subscribers.
We've grown over 11,000 people—yeah, somewhere around there in the last week or so.
So we just want to tell every one of you that are new, thank you for joining us.
We're believing for a million men and women prayer army to reach the nations for Jesus.
"You're at 572 now."Yeah, 572,000 subscribers. Okay, so we've grown...
grown another thousand in the last day. So, thank God for that. That's neat. And our channels are on the others.
We have eight other channels throughout the world that are really taking off.
I mean, around the world—sorry, I'm getting tired—around the world that are really taking off.
And so, glory to God for every single one of you that are on those other channels watching.
China is really taking off, and so is South Korea. They're really taking off.
"Has Germany still really taken off?"Yeah, not as much as when it first started, but there are still a lot of people watching.
Yeah, yeah, so Germany's really taking off. Yes, it is. So, we're so grateful for every one of you that are on every single livestream.
Do they have any questions or anything before I go? I love my little cup. I have it with... I'm drinking aloe vera juice. Aloe vera.
Diana said, "I felt this will help your immune system."So, she gives me aloe vera juice.
I like it. It tastes good. It's pure aloe vera. It makes your stomach grumble.
It's probably good for your intestines, too. But not really. That was interesting. Tonight, I was—yeah, the wave.
When he started to show me the wave on the East Coast, I don't know what that was. It was scary looking at the top of it. It turned into AI.
It was layers, and all of it was heading, and as it was coming in, the higher the wave went, the darker it got.
And I know I've seen tsunamis, but this is something different.
It was layered, and it was different colors. And that's how it all started tonight.
Isn't it interesting how we pray together every single time and it's so different?
Sometimes it's warnings about terrorist attacks, shootings, or things.
And then the Lord warns us about AI, warns us about medical advancements.
'Build-a-Baby'instead of 'Build-A-Bear'. There's so much to this tonight; it was so detailed.
The visions were so clear and detailed tonight. It really was off the charts, in my opinion, because I see some stuff, y'all.
And when the Lord's warning me, I see so many colors, so many different things, so many different faces of people.
I hear celebrities talking. I can tell you who the celebrity was, but I will not.
When I said I hear a woman talking, I knew who that woman was who was excited about it.
My son's grinning. He knows what I'm saying because I'll tell him later.
But there are these people who will have great celebrity influence.
There's a lot of celebrities that are kind of about ready to come to Jesus by the boatloads.
I'm telling you, the revival is going to be something else, and I'm so excited about it.
But there's also a dark side of things that is going to accelerate. Knowledge will increase.
The Bible told us that knowledge would increase, but I don't think a lot of us knew how much it truly would. How could man become so strong?
But let me say it like this: when the Bible said that knowledge would increase on us, what we have seen so far with the knowledge that we have—and we've seen a lot, haven't we, even in the last 100 years—is nothing compared to what we'll see from what I just saw.
The knowledge that we have is the foundation to something that's about to see a rapid acceleration. What I saw tonight was mind-blowing.
You'll look back, sometimes in just weeks, and say, 'I don't recognize things.'That's how fast this is.
I saw them asking a computer desktop, and they push enter, like if you would ask ChatGPT or the AI on your phone.
You would ask a question, and then it's calculating, calculating, and then it gives you the answer.
They have a computer that they ask the question to, but it has spreadsheets of all kinds of data, and it's getting smarter and smarter all the time to the point where it's over the top.
Man, this is over the top. And I like having a new iPhone. My new iPhone has the new camera and all the new stuff, and you know, it's not like it's greater.
I'm like, 'Maybe, hopefully, a better battery.'I don't know, but from what I saw, did I get a better battery?
Well, they tell you you did. Your camera's better; it's 24 megapixels now, and you're able to see me better.
I go, 'Okay, whatever.'They sell it to you for $1,000, and they put you on a 12-month subscription, and you pay it out every month for a thousand bucks, and you're like, 'I'm so excited to have...
what did I get?'And I tell Braden, I said, 'What did I get?'And he's like, 'Well, I don't see much.
You know, the screen's a little different.'And I'm like, 'Yeah, but what did I get?''Dad, the camera's better.'Okay, well, I'm not impressed that much with my new iPhone.
I don't like them messing with... I don't like change a lot. And Diana goes, 'You will hate the new phone,'because she got a new phone, too.
I said, 'I would want to throw that thing in the trash,'because she goes, 'I can't even click the button on my text message to highlight it to send to you anymore.'She's in there trying to figure it out, and she's like, 'Oh, you would freak out about this.'Because she knows me, she goes, 'Ben, thank God you didn't get this phone,'because I like things real slow and steady.
And I push my buttons on my phone and I'm like, 'Oh, please don't change it to make me feel old.'And Braden's like, 'This is how you do it,'and I'm like, 'I don't want to hear it.
I just want it to stay the same. Just tell me my pictures are cooler.'I like little things here and there, but then she got that new—what did Mama get?
The Google phone. Yeah, no, it's a coffee holder to me. You put that on the table, and I say, 'Set your coffee on it.'I'm sure Google really thanks you for that, but no.
He's laughing at me, but I'm being serious with you. She has the new Google phone, and I was like, 'Oh Lord, don't give me the Google phone,'because it is not the iPhone and it is way different than the iPhone. The Google phone is way different.
The new iPhone that just came out, you go, 'Okay, it has the camera, and it has a whole back that you actually can tap on and don't have to worry about dropping it.'So I don't even have to have a case on it as I'm talking to y'all.
But it looks like I can use it as a throwing device if I needed to, like a baseball.
I'm teasing. It's hard enough, is what I'm talking about. It looks like it's very unbreakable, but I don't know.
It's the new thing. It has a new chip in it. Is it faster? I don't know, I don't think it is.
Does it seem faster to me? No, I was trying to figure it out myself.
I just like to do screenshots when I'm seeing something so I can put it on there and tell Braden, 'Find this so I can send it to you.'I want to send a text message so he can study it for me and I can talk to you all about it.
So they have a new thing on there, and I'm trying to figure out how to do the screenshot, and I'm frustrated with it.
I'm just like, 'You know, it's just me.'Samsung is better. Samsung's better than the Google phone, shoot.
I told her—she was so disgusted with it that she told me, she goes, 'Do I have to stick with this phone?'She goes, 'Brandon, I can't do this.'And I said, 'Boy, I'm sure Google's really happy with us for this advertising.'She goes, 'Am I stuck with a year with this?''I don't know, baby.
We'll figure it out.'Oh God. 'Brandon, what did I do?'Well, okay.
But I am feeling better, and I'm feeling stronger. Thank God.
I'm telling you, I had that for over a week, and that was a dandy.
I don't think that was a normal virus; I believe it was the C-word.
I'm believing it was some kind of offspring of it because I was running a fever, and my bones hurt, my joints...
I feel like somebody beat me with a bat, and I'm over it and feeling a lot better, stronger.
So I don't know. Like I said, I don't think that was just a normal snot virus. I believe I told Diana I think that was a strand of COVID.
But I go, whatever, I'm healed and whole and well, feeling stronger, feeling better.
You feel better too. Be feeling a lot better. All the kids had it.
Tina had it, but we feel stronger today and thankful for all y'all's prayers, and pray that nobody else gets that, right?
So we got to hide your kids, hide your wives, hide your family, and pray.
When you take it to the church and give it to the church people, they'd be mad at you.
But, well, it's getting late. God bless you all. We thank you for joining us tonight.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.